Fix notebook ex (#2459)
ilastik/ilastik: notebooks/Readme.md

```

> We use _conda_ to develop Python and recommend it for scientific Python development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use _conda_ for Python-based projects and recommend it for scientific Python development.
```
